# Developer-Role-Task

## Scenario 1 - Steps to Deploy AI Assistant for Fintech Startup

### Scope Summary
AI assistant to support customer service representatives. The assistant will be trained on company's internal documents including customer data, regulatory compliance information, and internal company policies. It will strictly comply with the compliance information and company policies of the compnay and ensure strict data privacy compliance when communicating with external APIs.

### Model Selection 
I will first research existing AI models and Infrastructure that will meet this requirement. From my existing knowledge and experience developing AI Assistants for small companies, I will consider the following:

If cost of maintaining the AI Assistant is not an issue
1. Azure OpenAI Service ( using GPT-4-turbo)
2. Open AI GPT-4- turbo

If cost of maintaing the AI Assistant should be low, I will consider open-source models:
1. Mistral AI
2. Llama 2 (Llama 3 will be released soon and it will be multimodal and high performance)

### Design
For the purposes of this task, I will select Open AI GPT-4-turbo and LangChain for the following:
1. Langchain for Retrieval-Augmented Generation (RAG) 
2. GPT-4-Turbo for Function Calling -
    - add a reviwer function that will check that prompts and responses comply with compliance information and company policies in the database.
    - add a function call that will query database to perform calculations on the fly. Some of the queries will be hard coded and some will be generated by the AI on the fly
3. Superbase or Pinecone for vector storage

NB: For RAG and Function calling, we can use Assistant API if the customer is compfortable uploading their documents to OpenAI. This actually simplifies the process but will not be suitable for complex and large documents.

### App Flow Diagram
#### Loading Documents in Vector Store
Information Source: database that holds the company information that the customer service representatives use
Splitter - Langchain Tool to split documents into chunks of data
OpenAI Embeddings: to create vectors from each chunk
Superbase: store the chucks in the vetor store

### Development
1. Setup a new project using Django (Backend) and React (Frontend)
2. 




